today's video is going to be my 15
favorite feelings I saw this from
essiebutton who i believe got the idea
from Hank from the vlogbrothers I have a
lot of feelings i'm a very empathetic
emotional feeling type of person and
I've gotten a couple of these written
down in my notes but I don't have like
half of them so this is going to
literally be the shit that comes out of
my mouth in the next five minutes so
let's get into this I really like the
feeling of landing and the destination
where you're going to be for a couple of
days because as soon as you're about to
land you start to get excited about all
the things you've planned all the things
you've researched and all the things
you're going to do during the week so I
love that feeling and then also I love a
feeling of landing at home so basically
I like the feeling of landing when I'm
in the destination I'm going to be in or
when I'm coming home I hate layovers I
love the feeling of having an empty
inbox no emails I have three major email
accounts I love not having emails in any
single one of them so typically what
happens is my boyfriend and I will go
out to eat with other people or both of
us or I'll go out to eat with my friends
or I'm with a client traveling and I'm
with other people for the most part you
have to wait for everyone's food to get
there before you start eating unless
you're some sick really disrespectful
unmannered person and waiting for
everybody's food sometimes is the most
frustrating thing because you've got
your shit in front of you and you're
like I just want to eat this damn steak
but Susie Lou over there doesn't have
her fucking chicken and mashed potatoes
and you're just like what the hell where
the hell is Susie lose meal where the
hell is it then it finally gets there
and you were just so happy you're like
yes everybody go now
I just love the feeling of helping
someone it feels good on my end too and
I'm sure they appreciate it because I'm
helping them but I love the feeling of
helping someone else I love the feeling
of getting a text from my mom who was
never really that tech savvy and her
telling me that my video is hilarious or
it's funny or she sees something that I
posted on social media that is such a
great feeling because literally you guys
my mom did not know how to turn on a
computer for a very long time hi mom i
love the feeling of a delicious cup of
coffee there is nothing in the morning
that makes me feel better than it a
delicious cup of coffee that's got a
little bit of creamer in it a little bit
of sugar and it's just strong and
perfect that is the best feeling ever I
like the feeling of making new friends I
met a lot of people through YouTube and
through my blogging communities and i
just love meeting new people who you
click with i click better with some of
the people that I've met online that
I've clicked with people throughout my
life and I think it's because we share a
common obsession you know you like to
buy makeup I like to buy makeup let's
fuckin be friends right I love the
feeling of a clean working environment I
like when I have a clean desk at work I
like when my bathroom is clean and like
everything's organized and it's drawers
I just like the feeling of a clean
environment so I like to clean from time
to time I love the feeling when I can
tell that my jeans feel a little bit
bigger on me I love that feeling because
it means i haven't been eating all the
chocolate all the cheetos and all the
shit that could happen throughout the
week i love the feeling of working out
and running for you know three four
miles and then getting home taking a
shower and then getting out and feeling
like so refreshed you know you're a
little bit tired because you worked out
but you
are clean so it's a very refreshing kind
of feeling I love the feeling of having
a long week at work and coming home one
day and just having a refreshing
delicious glass of wine or making a
delicious drink on eyes I love that
feeling it's kind of like your body is
saying ah just relax everything will be
just fine I love the feeling of doing a
good job with my eyeliner it is so rare
that my eyeliner actually looks good
that I love the feeling when i actually
get it because it's probably taken me
like 35 minutes to like fix everything
and just make it look presentable so i
love the feeling of days when eyeliner
is actually on fleek although it makes
me cry in the best way possible i love
the feeling of going back home to LA
right before i'm gonna land I get so
nostalgic and I kind of like want to cry
a little bit because I'm going to see my
parents and my brother and my friends
and I always get nostalgic but I love
the feeling of right when I'm about to
land at LAX it's just indescribable this
may be a weird one but there's something
really nice about me making my own
smoothie and then drinking at all it's
just such a great feeling because you're
getting all the fruit together you're
making your decision about what you want
in the smoothie then you make it and
then you drink it it's like you did all
this good stuff and you picked your own
ingredients and then you made this
delicious smoothie which is so good for
you and I really like the feeling
throughout that entire process I love a
feeling of finishing a book every time I
read a book and I just finish it it's
just a really nice closure even if the
ending is terrible it's a nice feeling
I love the feeling of new makeup oh what
the fuck is wrong with me so many
feelings so many feelings